Well, it's important that influence at the highest levels of
the organization through something like the Information Security Steering Committee.
It's just as important to influence every user in the organization through training.
We said that governance professionals have overall responsibility for writing,
maintaining, and assessing security policies and procedures.
That makes them perfectly positioned to train users.
Why? Because end-users need to understand what's in the policies,
and the policies should describe what is and is
not permitted as it relates to security in
the organization or what they should do if they suspect a security incident.
We just said that companies train employees on policies
so that they have an understanding of what's contained in the policies.
But what are the benefits to the company?
They're really four main benefits.
First of all, it helps reduce security risks.
By training employees on certain topics,
it can help them spot and avoid security threats,
reducing the overall risk of a security incident.
In that way, training also helps to strengthen
your existing security controls by providing employees
with enough information to act as another line of defense.
You may, for instance, have anti phishing mechanisms in place.
But if a phishing email reaches just one untrained employee,
it can create an immediate security incident.
To strengthen your phishing controls and reduce your risk,
you can train employees on what to look for and how to
react if they realize that they've been successfully phished.
Security training for end-users is also very often a compliance requirement.
Finally, what's great about training employees in
the workplace is that those skills can translate to employee homes as well.
All of that training can create a life skill that will help
protect employees anytime that they're using technology.
I said something earlier about security training videos.
I'm sure you've set through at least one of those at some point.
I think they get a bad rap.
They can be really great mechanisms for reaching a number of people
at the same time and providing consistent content.
But there are plenty of other ways that you can engage your employees in meaningful ways.
Now I currently do all of these,
there are things like live security incident drills,
test phishing emails, live hacking demonstrations,
newsletter content, or even vendor demonstrations.
My favorites are the ones that really engage the users.
You can't always be creative,
but when a user goes home and tells her family about
that cool security thing that they learned at work today, you've done your job.